Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
Oh... hey...
what are you doing out here?
Deep breaths now. Evelyn.
And stay very still.
This is very bad.
but it can always get worse.
Girls like you
just don't know
what you've got
till it's all gone.
What do you got?
A signed first edition
of Wuthering Heights.
I'm more of
a Jane Eyre person myself.
Do you want it or not?
Let me see.
No. I'm... I'm gonna
need more than this.
I'm trying to get
out of this place.
What else you got?
Nothing.
Oh. No. you got somethin'.
No. No. not this time.
Jesus. Kit! I said no!
-  [grunts] Oh!
Go on. Cherry Pop...
just try to get outta here.
You're late.
I got rent.
How?
Cleaning houses.
You want it? Or you want to
go live in the van again?
What?
Nothing.
I like what you've done
with your face.
She's a great girl.
Isn't she?
The moment she was born.
I knew she was special...
I looked at her little face.
all slimy and speckled
with blood.
and I told her.
"You are so special."
You feel me?
Gene!
Dad. Dad.
So how was your day?
I left work early
so I could get lunch
with your mom.
How was your day?
My
chemistry teacher got fired
for that thing that happened
last spring
which I didn't tell you about.
What did you and Mom
talk about at lunch?
We talked
about how your birthday
is coming up.
and what we're gonna get you.
Your mom's got
a great gift idea.
You're going to love it.
Can I get a hint?
Nope.
Don't go trying to find it.
You know how
she likes to hide things.
You know how she hides.
Who the fuck
are you talking to?
Nobody.
Get the fuck out of here!
I counted that money.
It's all there!
There was extra.
so I thought
I might order a pizza.
Okay.
[on TV] Is that
my dress you are wearing?
No. This is my dress.
Can I try it on?
Let me try on that dress!
Thanks for the ride. Mister--
[on TV] Who's that girl
back there?
Her name is Lejend with a J.
[on TV] You like her?
She dates someone older.
An out-of-towner.
[on TV] She's pretty.
She's all right.
You're pretty too.
Very pretty.
You know. I probably won't
see you again after tonight.
All of it.
I don't know
what to do with her.
Please. Hildie. Help me.
She'll be 18 next week.
You know what that means.
I can't. I...
I can't do this right now.
I'm not myself.
Does she know
anything at all?
She's been asking about
her mother again lately.
What did you tell her
about her mother?
Girls go missing
all the time.
Gone and never ever found...
especially new moms...
I ju--I just need some time
to sort myself out.
Put her on the train.
I'll meet her at the station.
You pull yourself together.
You're early.
Or maybe I'm late.
Either way. I wanted to
meet you at the station.
You should not be walking
around here alone. Jonquil.
My friends call me Johnny.
We are not friends.
You look so much
like your mother.
I wouldn't know.
What did Gene tell you
about this arrangement?
Just that I had to
come here and stay with you
while he pulls himself
together or whatever.
He's such a fuckup.
You don't think
he's trying his best?
He's not trying.
He's not trying at all.
What about you?
I try.
I try really hard.
You'll be 18 soon.
Next week.
I had plans.
What kind of plans?
I don't know. It was
going to be a surprise.
I have a surprise
for you too.
And a cake.
I hate cake.
Well. you haven't
had my cake.
Are you okay?
Yeah. yeah. I just...
I just bit my tongue.
Any allergies?
No.
Any medications?
Any family history
of debilitating
or life-threatening
bodily ailments?
I think
there might be something
very wrong with Gene.
Who is Gene?
My dad.
He's just never seemed
all that comfortable.
Comfort is overrated.
Where's your mother?
Not in the picture.
You wear glasses...
No.
You need glasses.
No. I don't.
Read that.
Line 11. please.
P-E-Z-O-L-C-F-T-D.
How old are you?
Seventeen.
You have the eyes
of someone much older.
You'll need a note
from a cardiologist
if you want to play sports.
- Why?
- Your heart condition.
I don't have
a heart condition.
Murmurs aren't very serious.
but I've never heard one
like yours.
It's like you have
two hearts.
at least. if not three.
When was the first day
of your last menstruation?
Um... yesterday.
Are you sexually active?
What do you mean
by that. exactly?
Are you currently
or consistently
engaged in behavior
that includes
any part of your body
coming into intimate contact
with another person's body?
Skin on skin?
- Yes.
- Tongues?
- Fingers?
- Yes.
- Head?
Yes! Yes.
All of that.
Everything private.
Are you doing any of that?
What if I am?
You would be assigned
a counselor.
Okay. then no.
Can you prove it?
For sure.
One last question.
Are you popular?
On a scale of "no one would
miss you if you disappeared"
to "everyone would do anything
just to be you
even for just one day."
No one would ever
want to be me.
Hm...
Gold star.
You must give what you get.
Synchronize.
Mirror your partner exactly.
If they stop breathing.
you stop breathing.
I'm trying
to talk to the one
with the long blonde hair.
Aviva.
But all the other ones
are available.
Argh.
What's for lunch?
It's. uh...
dead rabbit.
You gonna keep it?
How can I?
You need a coat hanger?
You got one?
I saw you this morning.
Second period AP Trig.
You're new.
That teacher
got my name wrong.
Yeah. well. he does that
with all the girls.
You didn't
have to wait for me.
Yes. I did.
Why were you late?
I was with
the school nurse.
She got kind of personal.
How did you do?
Gold star.
- Really?
- Yep.
Does cunnilingus
still count?
- Yep.
- What a shame.
This fucking uniform
doesn't fit.
I felt so stupid
at school today.
I stayed in the bathroom
most of the day.
I know. How did you
tolerate the smell?
I got used to it.
I got blood on the rug.
It's okay.
It's nothing.
It's tough to get out
but I can do it.
This is exactly where
you should be. you know.
Is it familiar?
No.
Not at all?
Why should it be?
You've been here before.
I'll be right back.
Girls. girls. girls...
I could have
a daughter your age.
A young
and vulnerable pet.
just like any one of you.
I wish I could protect you.
Hold you away from harm.
Such a cruel world.
You girls are so vibrant
and full of potential.
with not one real
care or concern.
You're not prepared
for what might happen next.
Danger lurks
around every corner.
Your survival depends on
you and only you.
Ha!
Assume that you are not
ever safe.
Now for you girls.
in particular.
today will begin
a series of training sessions
which will include
basic self-defense
and other general
survival skills.
Now...
Let's play prisoner. huh?
Code Massacre.
Level Bloodbath.
I repeat. Code Massacre.
Proceed as though
this is an actual emergency.
Escape!
Evade! Engage!
You are being tested.
You are being timed.
You're going to
get us all killed!
You are not safe.
Some of you will not survive.
Stay calm
and do not think about
friends or family
in other rooms;
they may already be dead.
Escape! Evade! Engage!
Most of you are
going to die today!
Whooh! You're dead.
All four of you are dead.
That's four dead
in Mrs. Danver's classroom!
Hi. Principal Burke.
Girls. girls. girls.
I have to put all four
of your names in my report.
This is the second time
you three
have been killed
this semester.
Have you ever been shot
here at school before today?
No.
Well. this news
is going to be
very disappointing
for your parents.
Escape! Evade! Engage!
Ugh!
The last time
I got gunned down.
my mom grounded me
for a week.
Me too.
My parents are gonna
slaughter me
for getting killed again.
Fuck!
This is all your fault.
I can fix it.
You can fix it?
I find that guy's report.
I take the report.
I change the report.
I return the report.
Why would you help us?
This is strictly business.
Be back here tomorrow
with cash.
or else you're dead...
again.
Stay out of my stuff.
This is not your stuff.
You want me
to give it back?
I want you to eat it.
Eat what?
Pick something
and eat it.
No!
What you did
was stupid and selfish.
Trust me. a girl like you
cannot afford to be
stupid and selfish.
No one is going to
miss any of this!
Would you prefer that
I pick something for you?
Stay out of my stuff.
Not a chance.
Do I look normal to you?
Absolutely not.
I mean. do I look the same
as I did yesterday?
I feel weird...
weirder.
I mean. yesterday.
you were the victim
of a fake mass murder...
but otherwise.
you look the same to me.
Hm.
That's new.
Hm. My great-aunt
gave it to me.
I live with her now.
What did you tell her
about your clothes
from yesterday?
She didn't notice.
Yeah.
Mine didn't notice either.
Me neither.
Fuck me!
My mom noticed right away.
She was furious at first.
So I had to lie to her
and told her
I fought off an attacker.
She's obsessed with
those missing girls.
She stayed in my bed with me
last night. sobbing.
That's fucking disgusting.
Jesus! Girls go missing
all the time.
I mean.
what's the big deal?
They're gonna
ruin everything.
ruin everything?!
If I start to cry now.
I might not stop.
I can't eat...
which normally would be
awesome. of course.
I imagine them lost.
then found.
Living. then dead. Evelyn...
Darby. April P.
You're right.
Girls go missing
all the time.
I'm sure they're fine.
And what about us?
Are we okay?
Did you fix that thing
from yesterday
like you said you would?
Did you bring the cash?
Is that my lipstick
you're wearing?
Hatchet Wound.
Pussy Galore.
Happy birthday.
Aren't you gonna sing?
I only know
one song by heart.
but I don't like to
sing it alone.
You can make a wish.
but you should know
I already made one for you.
It's a tradition.
That seems cruel.
You have no idea.
Cake?
No. Thanks.
"You can make a wish.
but you should know
that I have already
made one for you."
What the fuck?
You owe me a new toilet.
What was in that cake?
It's an old family recipe.
Tell me what happened.
I was in the bathroom.
of course.
I got dizzy.
Then I heard this girl
crying out for me
from like. miles away.
She was pulling me
closer and closer.
Help me.
I couldn't get to her though.
I couldn't help her.
We have to find that girl.
Maybe we should
call somebody.
Don't call anyone. ever.
You're not going to die
from this.
What is this?
I call it Forevering.
It's profound
spectral empathy.
You are one in a long line.
We are proxies.
surrogates. mimics.
mirrors.
We turn. we fake.
we follow. we bend.
we shift. we shape.
we tune way in.
Am I contagious?
No.
It's the other way around.
A kind of...
possession in reverse.
We are women
feeling all the feelings.
Why us?
It's not just us.
There are others.
Some we know.
Others we don't know.
And we can pass it along.
but that must be done
very judiciously.
It's a very powerful gift
handed down to the women
in this family
on their 18th birthday.
It would have happened to you
without the cake.
That's just fuel
for the fury.
What can you do?
I'm quite something...
ferocious. repulsive. magnificent.
I've been buried alive twice.
What about my mom?
What was she like?
Mm... a fiend's fiend.
Still?
Still.
Is this going to
keep happening to me?
Forever and ever.
"The neural basis may be
a cell that reacts
"both when
a particular action
"is performed
and when it is observed.
"As for understanding
the functional significance
"of mirror neurons.
that journey has only
just begun."
Oh. hey.
What are you doing out here?
There you are.
You fucking bitch!
You lied to us
about fixing that report.
We're all still dead.
We want our money back.
I had to give Hildie
your money
to replace her toilet.
But I--I can pay you back.
In cash?
Not exactly.
What else do you want?
I can get you
anything else you want.
Booze. shoes. jewelry.
makeup. whatever.
What's that smell?
I don't know.
It's Evelyn.
She smells just like Evelyn.
Code Pink. Pale Pink.
All senior girls report
to the gym immediately.
What's new with you?
Mm. I didn't have
any lunch money today.
so I sold my underwear
to the student teacher
for Civic Engagement.
The blood-stained ones.
I charged double.
That's not what I meant.
It's weird.
It's only been
a couple of days
and I've watched my face
turn into another face.
My voice was her voice too.
And I could feel her blood
leaving her body.
And she's alive.
I just don't know
where she is.
I don't feel
like you're in any pain.
I'm not in pain. but I'm not
all that interested
in feeling all the feelings.
I don't mind being me.
You're still you.
All the feelings
are not your feelings.
Not yet.
I've inherited
turbo-charged empathy.
I'm like
super sensitive now.
So it's kind of uncomfortable.
It's been different
for each of us.
Emotional basket-case
is a tremendous asset though.
and when harnessed can be
quite an efficient weapon.
Show me how to use it.
You're going to have to
figure this out on your own.
You'll learn it.
You'll learn to work it.
You may or may not
learn to like it.
It's evolved and mutated
so you can surely do tricks
that no one else can do.
There are some limitations.
of course.
Like I said. that's for you
to figure out for yourself.
For me. it requires
reasonable proximity
and a clear path.
If you can see me.
I can feel you.
Does my dad know
anything about this?
I don't know exactly
what your dad knows.
Have you talked to him?
I call.
He doesn't answer.
I'd fear me...
I'd fuck me...
She's nothing like you.
I didn't expect that.
Have you talked to her?
I call. She doesn't answer.
What do I do?
Get real.
You get really real.
She's here with me
and we're going through it.
You've got to
pull yourself together.
That was the deal.
Let's try it again.
from the top.
I wasn't paying attention.
Okay. do it again.
- So. it's up.
Up.
-  Cross.
- Cross.
Hit and out.
You're late.
Where the fuck is Aviva?
Kirk was supposed to
drop her off.
Who the fuck is Kirk?
He's so cute.
He plays football
and basketball and baseball.
And he's a good kisser.
He uses his tongue.
I heard.
Okay. Well. we're gonna have
to do this without Aviva.
The family just left.
Are you sure about the alarm?
Yeah. My dad's not
scheduled to fix it
till like next weekend.
Okay. I'm gonna go in.
You two stay out here.
If anything happens.
you know what to do.
-  Mm-hm.
-  Okay.
And I have the list of shit
that you want.
After tonight. we're even?
Yeah.
-  Okay. Come on.
-  Okay. let's go.
Okay.
Right here...
cross.
Ace.
What are you two
doing out here?
There's a new curfew.
Earlier today. we found
one of the girls... dead.
We think it's Evelyn Tufts.
but her eyes and teeth
are missing
along with her scalp.
It wasn't my idea.
Wasn't my idea either.
Why don't you two girls
get in the car?
Come on. get in the car.
We've got spirit.
yes. we do.
how about you?
I've got spirit.
yes. I do.
-  [mocks] I do.
I've got spirit...
...how about you?!
Hey.
The back door's still open.
You okay?
What do you mean by okay?
You see
what happened out here?
What happened out there?
I apprehended a prowler.
A girl. A dangerous one.
She got away.
There's a dangerous girl
out there somewhere?
Stay inside tonight.
Hey. I'm Elektra.
I already know your name.
I asked around.
I thought
you might need a doctor.
but seems like you've
already stopped bleeding.
That's somethin'.
Would it be okay
if I stayed with you?
Yeah.
What'd your parents say?
I told my aunt
that I was having a sleepover
with a new friend.
Will your parents care
that I'm here?
If my mom even notices you.
she'll just ask
where you live.
what your parents do.
Anyway. they'll be out
for a while.
Hm.
They went to a party
for the Mensahs.
They just bought a new house.
It has an indoor pool.
Mrs. Mensah just got
this thing done to her face
that my mom really wants.
so she and my dad went to get
a closer look.
They aren't really friends. though.
These grownups
just get shit-faced
and complain
about their kids.
Who would complain
about you?
Well. my mom will say
that I'm spoiled and bitchy.
My dad won't correct her.
You still need
that coat hanger?
No.
Are you gonna
freak out again?
Oh. I am definitely
going to freak out again.
What is this?
What does it look like?
A mouthful of strawberry
bubblegum and Red Hots.
chewed down. spit out.
and drying up?
It's my miscarriage.
I was gonna bury it
in the backyard last night.
Take this from me.
that is not something
you should do alone.
Well. he doesn't know
anything about it.
Your boyfriend?
He's not my boyfriend.
He's just some guy
that I tutor
in math and chemistry.
He's cute... for a boy.
He plays football
and basketball and baseball.
He's a good kisser.
Kirk with the tongue?
Do you know him?
Mm-mm.
Do you want to talk about it?
We usually
meet at the library.
But this time.
we met at his house.
His parents were gone.
and so.
we drank a couple beers.
I dunno. I think I just
wanted to get it over with.
you know. see what
all the fuss was about.
Like if dick
only happens for me once.
it might as well be with him.
And?
It was not totally terrible.
but dick is not for me.
Afterwards. Kirk just
kind of passed out.
so I decided to walk home.
And as soon as
I left his house.
a man started following me.
I couldn't really make out
the details of his face.
but he may have been
wearing a mask.
like a mask
that looks like a face.
And I could see
at the end of the street.
there was a cop car. so
I started walking toward it.
like faster and faster.
even though fuck cops.
but the man started walking
faster too.
When I finally reached
the cop car.
my whole body
just heaves forward.
The cop looks up.
we lock eyes and then...
it happened.
The man grabbed you
and knocked you out
and shoved you
into the cop car?
I barfed.
It was an explosion of barf.
That cop was the same cop
from last night.
Did he recognize you?
There was something
in the way he asked.
"Are you okay?"
Aviva was supposed to
show last night
but the other girls said
that she was with Kirk.
Kirk hooked up
with Darby and April P.
before they disappeared. too.
Hey. did you hear
that they found Evelyn?
He was with her too.
She was really
hacked up. I guess.
Even her eyes were gone.
Like...
everyone wanted her eyes.
You and me.
we should talk to Kirk.
find out what he knows.
Evelyn. Darby.
April P. and now Aviva.
Aviva?!
Where is she. pretty boy?
Where are all those girls?
I don't know!
Help me! Help me!
No. Ow.
Ow. Ow. Ow.
If you...
I'm sorry.
I think... I think if we...
ow! Ow!
It's not...
I think I don't like that.
God!
I told you already
to shut the fuck up.
You're gonna ruin your face
and you are nothing
without that face.
I didn't speak for six weeks
after my last procedure.
This. hm?
No scarring.
Now. I need
more of everything.
so put an order in.
and file it under
health and wellness.
What do you do
with all that stuff?
No more talking.
Remember. girls...
if you run. be prepared
to run forever.
And if you get knocked down.
stay down.
keep quiet.
and don't cry.
Noise and movement
can provoke
and incense the attacker.
What is bad
can always get worse.
Do you think this will help?
It can't hurt.
Watch what they do
with their mouths...
the biting and screaming
might be an issue.
All right now.
Concentrate on the fear
and pain you live with
every moment.
Let it... paralyze you.
The paralysis...
Who are you?
No one you know.
Are you so sure?
Okay. girls. Go. run...
go. go.
Run for your lives. Run!
Okay. we've got
like five hours
until my mom realizes
her car is missing.
She just passed out.
so that'll be two hours.
then she'll be groggy
for another hour.
And then she'll.
I don't know. take a shower.
scarf-n-barf leftovers
or jack off.
Or all of those.
Oh. there he is.
There he is.
I do not
want to go in there.
Me neither.
♪ It's too late ♪
♪ To change the consequence ♪
♪ You wouldn't understand ♪
♪ What I see in you ♪
♪ Forever ♪
♪ A light asylum ♪
♪ You wouldn't understand ♪
♪ What I see in you... ♪
♪ I'm a liar to myself ♪
♪ We wanted to run ♪
♪ Amok. all over ♪
♪ It's not fate ♪
♪ To lose what's obvious ♪
How are we supposed to
find him out there?
They're all the same person.
Well. he's different.
He's not a total douchebag.
He's just kind of a dickhead.
I know
those missing girls...
I was with them all
right before
they disappeared.
But I don't know
what has happened to them...
and I don't know
where they are...
and I'm freaking out!
Oh. my god.
Pull your shit together.
If you didn't do anything.
you didn't do anything.
But someone's paying
attention to your playlist.
So what do I do?
You need to put me
on that playlist.
We are going to fake
like we are into this.
And if we do it right. afterward.
I will be savagely
attacked and abducted.
I really
don't want to do this.
Trust me.
I don't know you like that.
Babe.
Trust...
me.
How do you do that?
Are you...
What--what are you?
I am
nobody like everyone else
except I know exactly how
you are feeling right now.
We have to keep it cool.
So...
this is your secret spot?
One of them.
Well. where do you go?
I don't have dates.
Ugh.
Because you're terrifying?
Dates are too much work.
I'd rather just
get to the good stuff.
Skip all the walking
and talking
and whatever else
people do on dates.
I don't mind the talking
and walking. actually.
Why do you date
so many girls?
Girls are just...
so fucking awesome.
Hm.
So you got any moves?
Let me see.
You want to see my moves?
Mm-hm.
Give me your hand.
I'm going to write
something on your palm.
and you have to try to guess
what it is.
Close your eyes.
I heard
you're a good kisser.
You know what to do
with your tongue.
I am.
I do.
Prove it.
Are you trouble?
No. No trouble at all.
Then why are the cops here?
Hm?
Hi. Dad.
Jesus. Kirk.
I've been driving around
for an hour looking for you.
and I called.
It went
straight to voicemail.
This isn't your usual spot.
Who's your friend?
We go to school together.
She's new.
You look sort of
familiar to me. New Girl.
Let me give you a ride home.
- I can take her home.
-  Nope.
You need to go
pick up your stepmom.
Clinic called.
Her eyes are swollen shut.
Said she's gonna look
like a teenager
but she can't drive.
Why can't you get her?
She's not talking to me
right now.
Come on. I'll take you home.
I'll call you later
for a do-over?
Sit up front.
The back seat
smells like barf.
What happened to your face?
You should see the other guy.
Hm.
Isn't that what people say
when the other guy won?
Well. this was
some kind of other guy...
and she didn't win.
She?
More like an it.
What the fuck
just happened?
We gotta try again tomorrow.
Well. you just let her go?
I know that cop.
We should follow them.
She's fine. That's my dad.
He's gonna take her home.
Thanks for the ride.
I'll wait
till you get inside.
Hey.
You get a gold star.
You still owe me
from the last one.
Marcy doesn't like her neck
and she found a clinic that
will fix it as an outpatient.
But they only take cash.
Deep breaths...
and stay very still.
This is very bad. but it--
it can always get worse.
The first time
is excruciating.
but I advise you not to cry.
There is nothing less
desirable in this ugly world
than a young girl in tears.
What?
What the fuck is this?
What the fuck
are you gonna do to me?
No more talking!
I don't have any money.
I'm just some girl.
Shut the fuck up!
Ugh!
Fuck you!
You act like you like it.
You act like you like me.
Now. try to relax...
I am about to take
advantage of you.
Get in here.
Be quiet. Please.
You're safer under here.
He's watching and listening.
Aviva.
And Darby.
April P.
You're all here.
Except Evelyn.
They took her out
a few days ago.
She hasn't come back.
Evelyn is dead.
I heard she was
scalped and skinned.
He took everything
he could from her.
He's gonna do that to us too.
This is a chop shop.
We're being stripped
for parts.
When he calls you
out of here. you just go.
When you're
out there with him.
no matter what.
don't fucking cry.
What happens if you cry?
He'll take your tongue.
I'd fear me...
I'd fuck me...
How long has this
been going on for?
Too long.
April P. and Darby
need a doctor.
I think their wounds
are infected.
My fucking god.
You two look terrible.
We have to
get out of here.
How? There's only
one way in and one way out.
We're already
as good as gone forever.
I miss my mom.
I'd fuck me...
Do you have one of these?
I have two. both at the
base of my spine.
What happens if--
if you pull it out?
Evelyn pulled hers out.
It was like
a fountain of blood.
I'm not sure if she knew
that would happen
or if she was trying to die.
We are all
going to survive this.
But you have to help me
get this thing out.
How the fuck
is that going to help?
Fountain of blood.
On three. yank this out.
Stay under here until I say.
"Code Massacre.
Level Bloodbath."
Right?
One. two. three.
No!
Code Massacre...
Level Bloodbath!
Come on.
-  Which way?
I don't know.
Just fucking go. Go!
Oh. my god.
That's my dad.
That's my dad's van.
Get in the van.
Who the fuck are you?!
Girls. come on.
Get in!
-  Oh. my god.
- Come on. Come on. Come on.
Get in the van. Get in!
Is this all of you?
-  Yes.
Okay.
Oh. girls. What must you
have been through?
Oh. Oh. you smell so bad.
How did you find us?
I didn't. She did.
I have a very keen
sense of smell.
Who is she?
Your mother.
I owe you an explanation.
What happened back there?
Code Massacre...
Level Bloodbath.
I pulled this
out of his chest.
I was aiming for his heart.
This used to be my room.
There is a big bloodstain
on the mattress.
Mm-hm.
Your birth was complicated.
I had a C-section.
My incision came open
on day five.
I came in here
to change my underwear
and stood up and came apart
like a bean burrito.
I bled all over everything.
Why are you
wearing my clothes?
My other clothes don't fit.
I haven't been myself
for a long while.
What do I call you?
Jean. Same as before.
but with a J.
Or you can call me Mom.
We don't know
each other like that.
You were hit by a car
when you were five.
You were... you were going
after an ice cream truck
for a push-up.
You were in a body cast
for months
and you missed
the part of first grade
where you learn to
tell the time.
Seventh grade.
you asked all the teachers
to call you Jennifer.
And you had two best friends
named Lana.
Onions irritate your stomach.
and peaches
make your tongue feel fat.
You like the smell
of gasoline
and the way I sing.
but you never let me sing.
I've been right with you
your whole life.
I just looked
like someone else.
How? Why?
Who were you?
Combination
of a few guys I knew
around the time
you were born.
When I turned 18.
I practiced constantly.
Not just tuning in
other people
but actually becoming them...
passing entirely
as someone else.
You were hiding from me
for all of these years.
I'm sorry.
I just meant to hide
from your father.
Our relationship was...
was a cruel experiment
to him.
I didn't think he could
dislike someone more than me
until you were born.
So then we vanished.
But I knew
he'd come after us.
So I did what I could.
He was looking for
a single Black mom.
not a single white dad.
I didn't expect
to like it so much.
No lingering looks.
no come-ons. no...
no unwanted touching.
No unwanted anything.
But then I saw you
becoming a teenager.
And I watched it all
happening to you.
And I didn't just watch.
I-I-I could feel everything.
Over the past few years.
the only time I haven't
been in terrible pain
is when I've been
knocked out.
And I was afraid
you'd go looking for me.
I was wrong to hide.
And I certainly
haven't healed.
I wish I could say
I did the best I could.
It wasn't that awful.
You weren't that much worse
than the other dads I know.
And how's Hildie been?
A fiend's fiend.
You're gonna be okay.
You're all going to be okay.
Growing bodies
are highly regenerative.
especially yours.
The only thing adults really
appreciate about young people
is their ability
to bounce back.
We still don't know
who he is. where he lives.
Once we got out.
we just started running
and didn't look back.
Thanks for coming to get me.
It's not easy for me
to be back here.
I have a feeling
your dad is here somewhere.
He's a monster.
So am I.
You're special.
You're so fucking special.
Do you feel me?
I feel you.
Settle down.
Settle down!
Please.
As you know.
we are here this afternoon
to honor
these brave young women.
who recently survived
an unspeakable ordeal.
They were tortured
and brutalized.
and narrowly escaped.
We can only hope
that with time.
they will be able to
put this all behind them.
pretend the whole thing
never happened.
and go on to live
long and decent lives.
My stepson.
who most of you know.
has asked if
he can read a letter
he wrote to you girls.
Kirk?
Thanks. Marcy.
"Dear Darby.
"April P..
"Aviva.
"and Jonny--
"we are all so glad
that you are back.
"None of us can imagine
how scared
you must have been...
you must have been
so fucking scared."
I'm going to find
whoever did this to you!
Who would kill Evelyn?
Poor Evelyn.
I should also mention here
that now my dad is missing.
Any information
on his disappearance
would be appreciated.
I thought it couldn't
get worse. but it did.
Fuck!
Fuck me.
Fuck me! Ow. Fuck!
Fuck me!
Fuck me.
Oh. shit! Did I miss it?
Fuck me. Fuck me.
Fuck me.
Oh. my god.
I knew
you'd come back to me.
Fuck me.
You missed it.
He was there...
but he got away.
I know him.
I know him too.
You know him?
New face. new name...
same old spells.
I left him alive.
What the fuck
are we gonna do now?!
I don't fucking know.
and don't raise
your voice at me.
What a fucking disaster.
I am truly sorry.
I know how sorry you are.
I can feel your heart racing.
That's not me.
Oh. baby.
Come to Daddy.
Argh.
What do we do with this?
[yelling] Surprise!
Who wants cake?
I made it myself.
All right.
but you have to be okay
with the pain and the blood.
♪ Every single moment
You're away ♪
♪ I just wanna cry ♪
♪ Every single moment
I will pray ♪
♪ You don't say goodbye ♪
♪ For I would die ♪
♪ Every beat of my heart
Is just for you ♪
♪ And I will love you
Till my life is through ♪
♪ What more can I say? ♪
♪ What more can I do? ♪
♪ I love you ♪
♪ What more can I say?
♪
♪ What more can I do?
♪ I love you ♪
♪ Every beat of my heart
Is just for you ♪
♪ I love you ♪
♪ Every beat of my heart
Is just for you ♪
♪ I love you ♪